Personal speech, beauty, unfortunately, my
phone 5 has been damaged
through a fall of ridiculous 10
centimeters more or less in height and
It fell from the pocket if I could put
put the foot to cushion cushioned
I do not ask that you slipped and black
on the ground it turned like this which fell and there
I almost had a heart attack in the hallway
of the building has remembered that general is
complaining about his glass gorilla glass
some even say that they ensure the gloss
through myth because it is not possible for
it protects and stuff
And I could not believe it when I got it and the
you may notice that in the direction of my finger
in the direction of the goal of cadu was size
of the index finger
Look what beauty does not look cracked and
tricked ate my guri there glaze then
It could be expensive. I was disappointed like this.
when I saw this crack because
wanting or not you make an investment
in business and out of nowhere that mouth defect
My friend's friend is a glass that held
quite a thing, right?
to take a hit from the good but at
seen there by the complaints to the galera
really a very satisfying 11
You can tell right at home, right?
Speaking of healing will want to change that.
crowded with this now for what they exchanged
I know she's so small, she 's small.
but one is cracked in anyway
glass
he can run he can can start
walk everything as it is in your pocket
hospital will only worsen the trend is
get worse
I said already that guy's up are one
rumor there and let's say that not 100% of the
people I saw complain about it
that sent to the authorized of the asus
they are not spending money on this
exchange and effected the exchange and the glass
totally committed of grace né
So I'll enjoy this cam
already as it is in the guarantee also because
goes that later discovers even giving the
Active guarantee was not our fault is
in the second
is a defect caused by misuse then
the guarantee will not cover you have to
pay for this advice then I go
already are doing it from
Grace to us, then, let me.
loading since I've already backed up
by the application itself stopped
show the application that is backing up
for you that was very simple is very
also fast backup of the application by
here I selected all the data he
directs data only to applications and
data I put into applications and data
are in case he has already copied all
application application settings
in Syria already know to make a backup all
play there for sd card where is the
to become a cad from everything
I will give a reset fábio sheep is to
nobody's watching my information
on the back, right?
Wait, people are waiting for more or
less than one month in order to have it
back 100%
Okay, so I'm going to put your brain
oversights I took from emails
each step of the contact with the
water ladder every answer they give
referring to this type of beauty service
so follow
well I 'm here with my iphone inside
the original box as well as request a
year one and a half sending this afternoon
I've already done a reset and went back to
your factory collection already made a
backup with the farmer is everything
number of micro cd that I removed
I have made here in evenly matched charger
and the source path also asked for
send it together and got it here at home
plastic bubble to protect or seen
where it was also then request will
wrapped in a bag good invoice
photocopy vote together in the box and
also another document just as it is
asking for new instructions to put everything
right to the box